Add Migrating docs (#487)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: README.md

> It is **officially supported** by Splunk.
> However, breaking changes **MAY** be introduced.

> If you're currently using the SignalFx Go Agent and want to migrate to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're currently using the [SignalFx Tracing Library for Go](https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-go-tracing)
and want to migrate to the
```

like in https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-python

I never saw "SignalFx Go Agent" anywhere 😉
